s__46-32 sp003243445
s__Abiotrophia defectiva
s__Achromobacter bronchisepticus_A
s__Achromobacter dolens
s__Achromobacter insuavis
s__Achromobacter mucicolens
s__Achromobacter piechaudii
s__Achromobacter ruhlandii
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans_B
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans_C
s__Acidaminococcus fermentans
s__Acidaminococcus fermentans_A
s__Acinetobacter baumannii
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_B
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_C
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_D
s__Acinetobacter colistiniresistens
s__Acinetobacter fasciculus
s__Acinetobacter haemolyticus
s__Acinetobacter haemolyticus_A
s__Acinetobacter idrijaensis
s__Acinetobacter johnsonii
s__Acinetobacter junii
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_B
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_C
s__Acinetobacter nosocomialis
s__Acinetobacter pittii
s__Acinetobacter pittii_H
s__Acinetobacter radioresistens
s__Acinetobacter seifertii
s__Acinetobacter sp000369785
s__Acinetobacter sp002165255
s__Acinetobacter sp002367455
s__Acinetobacter variabilis
s__Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans
s__Actinobacillus equuli
s__Actinobacillus hominis
s__Actinobacillus lignieresii
s__Actinobacillus suis
s__Actinobacillus ureae
s__Actinobaculum suis
s__Actinomyces bovis
s__Actinomyces georgiae
s__Actinomyces gerencseriae
s__Actinomyces israelii
s__Actinomyces meyeri
s__Actinomyces naeslundii
s__Actinomyces odontolyticus
s__Actinomyces oris
s__Actinomyces oris_A
s__Actinomyces radingae
s__Actinomyces turicensis
s__Aerococcus urinaeequi
s__Aerococcus viridans
s__Aerococcus viridans_B
s__Aerococcus viridans_C
s__Aeromonas bivalvium
s__Aeromonas caviae
s__Aeromonas dhakensis
s__Aeromonas hydrophila
s__Aeromonas media
s__Aeromonas rivipollensis
s__Aeromonas sobria
s__Aeromonas veronii
s__Aeromonas veronii_A
s__Agathobacter rectalis
s__Alcaligenes odorans
s__Aliarcobacter butzleri
s__Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus
s__Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus_A
s__Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus_B
s__Amycolatopsis orientalis
s__Amycolatopsis orientalis_C
s__Amycolatopsis orientalis_D
s__Anaerococcus lactolyticus
s__Anaerococcus prevotii
s__Anaerococcus prevotii_A
s__Anaerococcus vaginalis
s__Anaerococcus vaginalis_B
s__Anaplasma phagocytophila
s__Arcanobacterium bernardiae
s__Arcanobacterium heamolyticum
s__Arcanobacterium pyogenes
s__Bacillus_A albus
s__Bacillus_A anthracis
s__Bacillus_A bombysepticus
s__Bacillus_AC circulans
s__Bacillus_AC circulans_B
s__Bacillus_A cereus
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AG
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AK
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AQ
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AT
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AU
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AV
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AW
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AZ
s__Bacillus_A cereus_K
s__Bacillus_A cereus_O
s__Bacillus_A cereus_S
s__Bacillus_A cereus_U
s__Bacillus altitudinis
s__Bacillus_A luti
s__Bacillus_A mobilis
s__Bacillus_A mycoides
s__Bacillus_A mycoides_A
s__Bacillus_A mycoides_B
s__Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
s__Bacillus_A nitratireducens
s__Bacillus_A paramycoides
s__Bacillus_A paranthracis
s__Bacillus_A proteolyticus
s__Bacillus_A pseudomycoides
s__Bacillus_A sp002584985
s__Bacillus_A sp002746455
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_K
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_N
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_S
s__Bacillus_A toyonensis
s__Bacillus atrophaeus
s__Bacillus_A tropicus
s__Bacillus_A wiedmannii
s__Bacillus_E coagulans
s__Bacillus_E coagulans_A
s__Bacillus inaquosorum
s__Bacillus licheniformis
s__Bacillus licheniformis_A
s__Bacillus marinus
s__Bacillus paralicheniformis
s__Bacillus pumilus
s__Bacillus pumilus_G
s__Bacillus pumilus_M
s__Bacillus pumilus_N
s__Bacillus safensis
s__Bacillus sphaericus
s__Bacillus subtilis
s__Bacillus subtilis_G
s__Bacillus velezensis
s__Bacillus_X frigoritolerans
s__Bacillus zhangzhouensis
s__Bacteroides caccae
s__Bacteroides clarus
s__Bacteroides distasonis
s__Bacteroides eggerthii
s__Bacteroides faecis
s__Bacteroides forsythus
s__Bacteroides_F pectinophilus
s__Bacteroides fragilis
s__Bacteroides fragilis_A
s__Bacteroides merdae
s__Bacteroides ovatus
s__Bacteroides splanchnicus
s__Bacteroides stercoris
s__Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
s__Bacteroides uniformis
s__Bacteroides ureolyticus
s__Bartonella bacilliformis
s__Bartonella bacilliformis_A
s__Bartonella elizabethae
s__Bartonella henselae
s__Bartonella quintana
s__Bergeyella zoohelcum
s__Bifidobacterium dentium
s__Bifidobacterium sp002884815
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_A
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_B
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_C
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_D
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_E
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_F
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_G
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_H
s__Bilophila wadsworthia
s__Bordetella avium
s__Bordetella pertussis
s__Borrelia brasiliensis
s__Borrelia burgdorferi
s__Borrelia caucasica
s__Borrelia hermsii
s__Borrelia hispanica
s__Borrelia latyschewii
s__Borrelia mazzottii
s__Borrelia persica
s__Borrelia recurrentis
s__Borrelia turicatae
s__Borrelia venezuelensis
s__Brachybacterium sp900163615
s__Brevibacillus brevis
s__Brevibacillus brevis_B
s__Brevibacillus brevis_C
s__Brevibacillus brevis_D
s__Brevundimonas diminuta
s__Brevundimonas diminuta_A
s__Brevundimonas diminuta_B
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis_A
s__Brucella melitensis
s__Burkholderia cenocepacia
s__Burkholderia cepacia
s__Burkholderia cepacia_A
s__Burkholderia cepacia_C
s__Burkholderia cepacia_D
s__Burkholderia cepacia_E
s__Burkholderia cepacia_F
s__Burkholderia contaminans
s__Burkholderia dolosa
s__Burkholderia lata
s__Burkholderia mallei
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia
s__Burkholderia sp001522585
s__Burkholderia territorii
s__Campylobacter_A concisus
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_A
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_B
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_C
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_D
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_E
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_F
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_G
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_H
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_I
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_J
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_K
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_L
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_M
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_N
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_O
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_P
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_Q
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_R
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_S
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_T
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_U
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_V
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_W
s__Campylobacter_A curvus
s__Campylobacter_A rectus
s__Campylobacter_B gracilis
s__Campylobacter_B sputorum
s__Campylobacter_D coli
s__Campylobacter_D coli_A
s__Campylobacter_D coli_B
s__Campylobacter_D concheus
s__Campylobacter_D insulaenigrae
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_A
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_B
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_C
s__Campylobacter_D lari
s__Campylobacter_D lari_C
s__Campylobacter_D lari_D
s__Campylobacter_D upsaliensis
s__Campylobacter fetus
s__Campylobacter hyointestinalis
s__Campylobacter lawsonii
s__Campylobacter testudinum
s__Capnocytophaga canimorsus
s__Capnocytophaga cynodegmi
s__Capnocytophaga gingivalis
s__Capnocytophaga ochracea
s__Capnocytophaga sputigena
s__Cardiobacterium hominis
s__Cedecea davisae
s__Cedecea lapagei
s__Cedecea neteri
s__Cedecea neteri_A
s__Cedecea neteri_B
s__Cedecea neteri_C
s__Cellulomonas cellulans
s__Cellulomonas turbata
s__Centipeda artemidis
s__Centipeda flueggei
s__Centipeda infelix
s__Centipeda noxia
s__Centipeda periodontii
s__Chlamydia trachomatis
s__Chlamydophila abortus
s__Chlamydophila avium
s__Chlamydophila pneumoniae
s__Chlamydophila psittaci
s__Chromobacterium subtsugae
s__Chromobacterium vaccinii
s__Chromobacterium violaceum
s__Chryseobacterium balustinum
s__Chryseobacterium meningosepticum
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus_C
s__Citrobacter_A farmeri
s__Citrobacter_A rodentium
s__Citrobacter_A sedlakii
s__Citrobacter_B koseri
s__Citrobacter braakii
s__Citrobacter_C amalonaticus_A
s__Citrobacter europaeus
s__Citrobacter freundii
s__Citrobacter freundii_A
s__Citrobacter freundii_E
s__Citrobacter gillenii
s__Citrobacter portucalensis
s__Citrobacter portucalensis_A
s__Citrobacter werkmanii
s__Citrobacter youngae
s__Clostridium_AH fallax
s__Clostridium baratii
s__Clostridium bifermentans
s__Clostridium botulinum_A
s__Clostridium botulinum_B
s__Clostridium butyricum
s__Clostridium chauvoei
s__Clostridium difficile
s__Clostridium_F botulinum
s__Clostridium_F botulinum_A
s__Clostridium_F sporogenes
s__Clostridium_F tepidum
s__Clostridium_G tetani
s__Clostridium_H botulinum_A
s__Clostridium_H botulinum_B
s__Clostridium histolyticum
s__Clostridium_H massiliodielmoense
s__Clostridium_H novyi
s__Clostridium_H novyi_A
s__Clostridium paraputrificum
s__Clostridium_P perfringens
s__Clostridium ramosum
s__Clostridium septicum
s__Clostridium sordellii
s__Clostridium tertium
s__Collinsella aerofaciens
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_A
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_E
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_F
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_G
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_H
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_I
s__Collinsella sp002391315
s__Collinsella sp003459245
s__Collinsella sp003487125
s__Comamonas acidovorans
s__Comamonas testosteroni
s__Comamonas testosteroni_B
s__Comamonas testosteroni_C
s__Comamonas testosteroni_D
s__Comamonas thiooxydans
s__Comamonas tsuruhatensis
s__Corynebacterium afermentans
s__Corynebacterium amycolatum
s__Corynebacterium argentoratense
s__Corynebacterium bovis
s__Corynebacterium diphtheriae
s__Corynebacterium genitalium_A
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium_A
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium_C
s__Corynebacterium kutscheri
s__Corynebacterium macginleyi
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum_A
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum_B
s__Corynebacterium propinquum
s__Corynebacterium pseudodiphthericum
s__Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis
s__Corynebacterium sp000755185
s__Corynebacterium sp001807485
s__Corynebacterium striatum
s__Corynebacterium ulcerans
s__Corynebacterium ulcerans_A
s__Corynebacterium urealyticum
s__Corynebacterium xerosis
s__Coxiella burnetii
s__Cupriavidus pickettii_A
s__Dermatophilus congolensis
s__Dermatophilus congolensis_A
s__Dichelobacter nodosus
s__Edwardsiella hoshinae
s__Edwardsiella piscicida
s__Edwardsiella tarda
s__Eggerthella lenta
s__Ehrlichia chaffeensis
s__Ehrlichia ewingii
s__Eikenella corrodens
s__Eikenella corrodens_B
s__Enterobacter aerogenes
s__Enterobacter amnigenus
s__Enterobacter asburiae
s__Enterobacter asburiae_A
s__Enterobacter bugandensis
s__Enterobacter cancerogenus
s__Enterobacter chengduensis
s__Enterobacter chuandaensis
s__Enterobacter cloacae
s__Enterobacter cloacae_I
s__Enterobacter cloacae_J
s__Enterobacter cloacae_K
s__Enterobacter cloacae_L
s__Enterobacter cloacae_M
s__Enterobacter cloacae_N
s__Enterobacter_D kobei_A
s__Enterobacter gergoviae
s__Enterobacter himalayensis
s__Enterobacter hormaechei
s__Enterobacter kobei
s__Enterobacter ludwigii
s__Enterobacter roggenkampii
s__Enterobacter sakazakii
s__Enterobacter sesami
s__Enterobacter sichuanensis
s__Enterobacter sp000568095
s__Enterobacter sp000762975
s__Enterococcus_A avium
s__Enterococcus_A raffinosus
s__Enterococcus_B durans
s__Enterococcus_B faecalis_A
s__Enterococcus_B faecium
s__Enterococcus_B faecium_B
s__Enterococcus_B hirae
s__Enterococcus_B mundtii
s__Enterococcus_B mundtii_B
s__Enterococcus_B mundtii_C
s__Enterococcus_B pernyi
s__Enterococcus_B sp002140175
s__Enterococcus_B thailandicus
s__Enterococcus_D casseliflavus
s__Enterococcus_D gallinarum
s__Enterococcus_D sp002850555
s__Enterococcus faecalis
s__Enterococcus flavescens
s__Erysipelatoclostridium sp000752095
s__Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
s__Escherichia albertii
s__Escherichia coli
s__Escherichia coli_C
s__Escherichia coli_D
s__Escherichia dysenteriae
s__Escherichia flexneri
s__Escherichia marmotae
s__Escherichia sp000208585
s__Escherichia sp005843885
s__Eubacterium brachy
s__Eubacterium combesii
s__Eubacterium contortum
s__Eubacterium cylindroides
s__Eubacterium limosum
s__Eubacterium maltosivorans
s__Eubacterium moniliforme
s__Eubacterium multiforme
s__Eubacterium nodatum
s__Eubacterium saburreum
s__Eubacterium saphenum
s__Eubacterium sulci
s__Eubacterium tenue
s__Ewingella americana
s__Ewingella americana_A
s__Fibrobacter_A intestinalis
s__Filifactor alocis
s__Finegoldia magna
s__Finegoldia magna_F
s__Finegoldia magna_H
s__Francisella tularensis
s__Fusobacterium_A mortiferum
s__Fusobacterium animalis
s__Fusobacterium_A ulcerans
s__Fusobacterium_A ulcerans_A
s__Fusobacterium_A varium
s__Fusobacterium_A varium_A
s__Fusobacterium_C necrophorum
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum_D
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum_E
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum_B
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum_C
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum_D
s__Fusobacterium polymorphum
s__Fusobacterium vincentii
s__Gemella morbillorum
s__Gemella sp002871655
s__Gordonia amarae
s__Gordonia bronchialis
s__Gordonia rubropertincta
s__Gordonia sp000143885
s__Gordonia sp002009645
s__Gordonia sputi
s__Gordonia terrae
s__Granulicatella adjacens
s__Haemophilus aegyptius
s__Haemophilus_A parahaemolyticus
s__Haemophilus_A paraphrohaemolyticus
s__Haemophilus aphrophilus
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_A
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_J
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_K
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_L
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_M
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_N
s__Haemophilus_D sp001679485
s__Haemophilus_D sp001815355
s__Haemophilus ducreyi
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_G
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_I
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_J
s__Haemophilus influenzae
s__Haemophilus influenzae_D
s__Haemophilus paraphrophilus
s__Haemophilus quentini
s__Haemophilus segnis
s__Haemophilus sp001276515
s__Haemophilus sp002998595
s__Hafnia alvei
s__Hafnia alvei_B
s__Hafnia paralvei
s__Helicobacter_B fennelliae
s__Helicobacter_C cinaedi
s__Helicobacter_C magdeburgensis
s__Helicobacter_D pullorum
s__Helicobacter_E heilmannii
s__Helicobacter pylori
s__Helicobacter pylori_A
s__Helicobacter pylori_BU
s__Helicobacter pylori_C
s__Helicobacter pylori_CG
s__Helicobacter pylori_CH
s__Kibdelosporangium sp000720375
s__Kingella_A denitrificans
s__Kingella kingae
s__Klebsiella_A grimontii
s__Klebsiella_A michiganensis
s__Klebsiella_A oxytoca
s__Klebsiella_A oxytoca_B
s__Klebsiella_B aerogenes
s__Klebsiella granulomatis
s__Klebsiella ornithinolytica
s__Klebsiella pneumoniae
s__Klebsiella quasipneumoniae
s__Klebsiella quasivariicola
s__Klebsiella variicola
s__Kluyvera ascorbata
s__Kluyvera ascorbata_B
s__Kluyvera cryocrescens
s__Kluyvera cryocrescens_A
s__Kosakonia cowanii
s__Lachnospira rogosae
s__Leclercia sp000755535
s__Legionella anisa
s__Legionella_A oakridgensis
s__Legionella bozemanae
s__Legionella_C birminghamensis
s__Legionella cherrii
s__Legionella cincinnatiensis
s__Legionella_C rubrilucens
s__Legionella dumoffii
s__Legionella fraseri
s__Legionella gormanii
s__Legionella longbeachae
s__Legionella pascullei
s__Legionella pneumophila
s__Legionella sainthelensi
s__Legionella tucsonensis
s__Legionella wadsworthii
s__Leifsonia aquatica
s__Leifsonia aquatica_A
s__Lelliottia nimipressuralis
s__Leptospira_A meyeri
s__Leptospira_B inadai
s__Leptospira borgpetersenii
s__Leptospira interrogans
s__Leptospira kirschneri
s__Leptospira noguchii
s__Leptospira santarosai
s__Leptospira weilii
s__Leptospira weilii_A
s__Leptotrichia buccalis
s__Limosilactobacillus vaginalis_A
s__Listeria innocua
s__Listeria ivanovii
s__Listeria londoniensis
s__Listeria monocytogenes
s__Listeria monocytogenes_B
s__Listeria monocytogenes_C
s__Listeria seeligeri
s__Listeria welshimeri
s__Longicatena innocuum
s__Mannheimia granulomatis
s__Mannheimia haemolytica
s__Megamonas funiformis
s__Megamonas hypermegale
s__Megamonas hypermegale_A
s__Metamycoplasma arginini
s__Metamycoplasma hominis
s__Metamycoplasma salivarium
s__Micromonas micros
s__Mogibacterium timidum
s__Moraxella_A atlantae
s__Moraxella_A osloensis
s__Moraxella_A osloensis_A
s__Moraxella bovis
s__Moraxella bovoculi
s__Moraxella catarrhalis
s__Moraxella catarrhalis_C
s__Moraxella caviae
s__Moraxella_C lincolnii
s__Moraxella cuniculi
s__Moraxella lacunata
s__Moraxella lacunata_B
s__Moraxella liquefaciens
s__Moraxella nonliquefaciens
s__Moraxella ovis
s__Morganella morganii
s__Morganella morganii_A
s__Morganella morganii_B
s__Morganella morganii_C
s__Mycobacterium abscessus
s__Mycobacterium africanum
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_A
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_B
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_C
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_D
s__Mycobacterium attenuatum
s__Mycobacterium avium
s__Mycobacterium bovis
s__Mycobacterium celatum
s__Mycobacterium chelonae
s__Mycobacterium conspicuum
s__Mycobacterium fortuitum
s__Mycobacterium genavense
s__Mycobacterium gordonae
s__Mycobacterium gordonae_B
s__Mycobacterium haemophilum
s__Mycobacterium innocens
s__Mycobacterium kansasii
s__Mycobacterium kansasii_C
s__Mycobacterium kumamotonensis
s__Mycobacterium leprae
s__Mycobacterium malmoense_B
s__Mycobacterium marinum
s__Mycobacterium mucogenicum
s__Mycobacterium paragordonae
s__Mycobacterium parascrofulaceum
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum_A
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum_B
s__Mycobacterium phlei
s__Mycobacterium porcinum
s__Mycobacterium porcinum_A
s__Mycobacterium pseudokansasii
s__Mycobacterium scrofulaceum
s__Mycobacterium scrofulaceum_C
s__Mycobacterium senegalense
s__Mycobacterium shimoidei
s__Mycobacterium simiae
s__Mycobacterium smegmatis
s__Mycobacterium szulgai
s__Mycobacterium tuberculosis
s__Mycobacterium vulneris
s__Mycobacterium xenopi
s__Mycoplasmoides genitalium
s__Mycoplasmoides pneumoniae
s__Mycoplasmopsis fermentans
s__Myroides odoratus
s__Myroides odoratus_A
s__Neisseria animalis
s__Neisseria canis
s__Neisseria cerebrosa
s__Neisseria cinerea
s__Neisseria denitrificans
s__Neisseria elongata
s__Neisseria flava
s__Neisseria flavescens
s__Neisseria flavescens_A
s__Neisseria flavescens_B
s__Neisseria flavescens_C
s__Neisseria gonorrhoeae
s__Neisseria lactamica
s__Neisseria lactamica_A
s__Neisseria lactamica_B
s__Neisseria macacae
s__Neisseria meningitidis
s__Neisseria mucosa
s__Neisseria mucosa_A
s__Neisseria perflava
s__Neisseria polysaccharea
s__Neisseria sicca
s__Neisseria sicca_A
s__Neisseria sicca_B
s__Neisseria sicca_C
s__Neisseria sicca_D
s__Neisseria sicca_E
s__Neisseria sp000186165
s__Neisseria sp000227275
s__Neisseria subflava
s__Neisseria subflava_A
s__Neisseria subflava_B
s__Neisseria weaveri
s__Neorickettsia sennetsu
s__Nocardia asteroides
s__Nocardia brasiliensis
s__Nocardia brasiliensis_A
s__Nocardia brasiliensis_B
s__Nocardia caviae
s__Nocardia elegans
s__Nocardia farcinica
s__Nocardia nova
s__Nocardia nova_A
s__Nocardia nova_B
s__Nocardia otitidiscaviarum
s__Nocardia pseudobrasiliensis
s__Nocardia transvalensis
s__Ochrobactrum anthropi
s__Ochrobactrum anthropi_A
s__Oligella ureolytica
s__Oligella urethralis
s__Orientia tsutsugamushi
s__Orientia tsutsugamushi_A
s__Paenibacillus_A macerans
s__Paenibacillus_B alvei
s__Paenibacillus_B sp001894745
s__Paenibacillus jamilae_A
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_B
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_C
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_D
s__Pantoea agglomerans
s__Pantoea allii
s__Pantoea ananatis
s__Pantoea anthophila
s__Pantoea cancerogenus_A
s__Pantoea eucalypti
s__Pantoea septica
s__Pantoea sp900115075
s__Pantoea vagans
s__Pantoea vagans_C
s__Pasteurella aerogenes
s__Pasteurella caballi
s__Pasteurella canis
s__Pasteurella dagmatis
s__Pasteurella multocida
s__Pasteurella multocida_A
s__Pasteurella multocida_C
s__Pasteurella multocida_D
s__Pasteurella pneumotropica
s__Pasteurella stomatis
s__Peptinophilus asaccharolyticus
s__Peptococcus niger
s__Peptostreptococcus anaerobius
s__Phocaeicola dorei
s__Phocaeicola vulgatus
s__Photobacterium angustum
s__Photobacterium damselae
s__Phytobacter ursingii
s__Plesiomonas shigelloides
s__Porphyromonas_A levii
s__Porphyromonas asaccharolytica
s__Porphyromonas catoniae
s__Porphyromonas circumdentaria
s__Porphyromonas endodontalis
s__Porphyromonas gingivalis
s__Porphyromonas macacae
s__Prevotella bivia
s__Prevotella buccae
s__Prevotella buccalis
s__Prevotella corporis
s__Prevotella denticola
s__Prevotella disiens
s__Prevotella enoeca
s__Prevotella heparinolytica
s__Prevotella intermedia
s__Prevotella loescheii
s__Prevotella melaninogenica
s__Prevotella melaninogenica_A
s__Prevotella nigrescens
s__Prevotella oralis
s__Prevotella oris
s__Prevotella oulora
s__Prevotella ruminicola
s__Prevotella ruminicola_A
s__Prevotella ruminicola_B
s__Prevotella ruminicola_C
s__Prevotella seregens
s__Prevotella sp000479005
s__Prevotella sp900109055
s__Prevotella tannerae
s__Prevotella veroralis
s__Prevotella zoogleoformans
s__Propionibacterium acnes
s__Propionibacterium avidum
s__Propionibacterium granulosum
s__Propionibacterium propionicus
s__Proteus cibarius
s__Proteus mirabilis
s__Proteus mirabilis_B
s__Proteus penneri
s__Proteus sp003144395
s__Proteus vulgaris
s__Proteus vulgaris_B
s__Providencia alcalifaciens
s__Providencia alcalifaciens_A
s__Providencia rettgeri
s__Providencia rettgeri_A
s__Providencia rettgeri_D
s__Providencia rettgeri_E
s__Providencia stuartii
s__Providencia stuartii_A
s__Pseudomonas_A balearica
s__Pseudomonas_A chloritidismutans
s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa
s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa_A
s__Pseudomonas_A kunmingensis
s__Pseudomonas_A songnenensis
s__Pseudomonas_A sp000765155
s__Pseudomonas_A sp002692525
s__Pseudomonas_A sp003205815
s__Pseudomonas_A sp003488145
s__Pseudomonas_A sp004010935
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_A
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AA
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AB
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AC
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AD
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AE
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AF
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AG
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AH
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_AI
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_B
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_C
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_D
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_E
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_G
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_H
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_L
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_N
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_O
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_P
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_Q
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_R
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_S
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_T
s__Pseudomonas_A stutzeri_U
s__Pseudomonas_E aeruginosa_A
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes_A
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes_B
s__Pseudomonas_E asiatica
s__Pseudomonas_E azotoformans
s__Pseudomonas_E azotoformans_A
s__Pseudomonas_E baetica
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis_E
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_A
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AA
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AH
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AJ
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AK
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AM
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AN
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AO
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AP
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AQ
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AR
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_B
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BA
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BB
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BC
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BD
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BE
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BF
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BG
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_C
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_E
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_F
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_G
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_H
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_J
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_K
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_M
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_N
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_O
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_Q
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_S
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_T
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_W
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_X
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_A
s__Pseudomonas_E fulva
s__Pseudomonas_E guariconensis
s__Pseudomonas_E hunanensis
s__Pseudomonas_E inefficax
s__Pseudomonas_E jessenii
s__Pseudomonas_E kilonensis
s__Pseudomonas_E kilonensis_B
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis_A
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis_B
s__Pseudomonas_E lactis
s__Pseudomonas_E laurylsulfatiphila
s__Pseudomonas_E lini
s__Pseudomonas_E lurida
s__Pseudomonas_E marginalis
s__Pseudomonas_E monteilii
s__Pseudomonas_E moraviensis_A
s__Pseudomonas_E mosselii
s__Pseudomonas_E palleroniana
s__Pseudomonas_E parafulva_B
s__Pseudomonas_E poae
s__Pseudomonas_E poae_B
s__Pseudomonas_E protegens
s__Pseudomonas_E proteolytica_A
s__Pseudomonas_E putida
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_A
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_B
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_C
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_E
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_F
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_G
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_H
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_J
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_K
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_L
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_M
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_N
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_P
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_Q
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_R
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_S
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_T
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_U
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_V
s__Pseudomonas_E rhodesiae
s__Pseudomonas_E salomonii
s__Pseudomonas_E simiae
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282495
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001320045
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001320525
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001655595
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002000165
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113025
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113295
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002269425
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002742565
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002843585
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002874965
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002966775
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003013355
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003053805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp005233515
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900005815
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187425
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187605
s__Pseudomonas_E synxantha
s__Pseudomonas_F alcaligenes_A
s__Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes
s__Pseudonocardia alni
s__Pseudonocardia autotrophica
s__Pseudonocardia autotrophica_A
s__Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus
s__Psychrobacter immobilis
s__Psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
s__Rahnella aquatilis
s__Rahnella aquatilis_B
s__Rahnella variigena
s__Ralstonia mannitolilytica
s__Ralstonia pickettii
s__Ralstonia pickettii_A
s__Ralstonia pickettii_B
s__Ralstonia sp000620465
s__Ralstonia sp900115545
s__Raoultella ornithinolytica
s__Raoultella planticola
s__Raoultella terrigena
s__Rhodococcus aetherivorans
s__Rhodococcus equi
s__Rhodococcus erythropolis
s__Rhodococcus erythropolis_D
s__Rhodococcus fascians
s__Rhodococcus fascians_E
s__Rhodococcus globerulus
s__Rhodococcus jostii_A
s__Rhodococcus opacus
s__Rhodococcus opacus_C
s__Rhodococcus qingshengii
s__Rhodococcus rhodnii
s__Rhodococcus rhodochrous
s__Rhodococcus ruber
s__Rhodococcus sp000954115
s__Rhodococcus sp002259335
s__Rhodococcus sp002259405
s__Rhodococcus sp002259415
s__Rhodococcus wratislaviensis
s__Rickettsia akari
s__Rickettsia australis
s__Rickettsia felis
s__Rickettsia prowazekii
s__Rickettsia rhipicephali
s__Rickettsia rickettsii
s__Rickettsia typhi
s__Rodentibacter sp901420285
s__Rothia aeria
s__Rothia dentocariosa
s__Ruminococcus productus
s__Saccharomonospora viridis
s__Saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
s__Salmonella arizonae
s__Salmonella bongori
s__Salmonella choleraesuis
s__Salmonella diarizonae
s__Salmonella enterica
s__Salmonella enteritidis
s__Salmonella houtenae
s__Salmonella typhi
s__Salmonella typhimurium
s__Sebaldella termitidis
s__Selenomonas dianae
s__Serratia_B odorifera
s__Serratia_B rubidaea
s__Serratia_B rubidaea_A
s__Serratia ficaria
s__Serratia liquefaciens
s__Serratia marcescens
s__Serratia marcescens_B
s__Serratia marcescens_F
s__Serratia marcescens_I
s__Serratia marcescens_J
s__Serratia nematodiphila
s__Serratia plymuthica
s__Serratia plymuthica_A
s__Serratia proteamaculans_B
s__Serratia proteamaculans_D
s__Serratia quinivorans
s__Serratia sp001642805
s__Serratia ureilytica
s__Sphingobium quisquiliarum
s__Sphingomonas ginsenosidimutans
s__Sphingomonas paucimobilis
s__Spirillum minus
s__Staphylococcus agnetis
s__Staphylococcus_A pasteuri
s__Staphylococcus argenteus
s__Staphylococcus_A sciuri
s__Staphylococcus aureus
s__Staphylococcus caprae
s__Staphylococcus cohnii
s__Staphylococcus epidermidis
s__Staphylococcus haemolyticus
s__Staphylococcus haemolyticus_A
s__Staphylococcus hominis
s__Staphylococcus hyicus
s__Staphylococcus intermedius
s__Staphylococcus lugdunensis
s__Staphylococcus nepalensis
s__Staphylococcus pasteuri_A
s__Staphylococcus piscifermentans_A
s__Staphylococcus pseudintermedius
s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus
s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus_A
s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus_B
s__Staphylococcus schweitzeri
s__Staphylococcus simulans
s__Staphylococcus warneri
s__Staphylococcus warneri_A
s__Staphylococcus xylosus_B
s__Stenotrophomonas bentonitica
s__Stenotrophomonas chelatiphaga
s__Stenotrophomonas geniculata
s__Stenotrophomonas indicatrix
s__Stenotrophomonas lactitubi
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_A
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AA
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AB
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AC
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AD
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AE
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AG
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AH
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AJ
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AK
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AL
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AM
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AN
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AO
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AP
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AQ
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AR
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AS
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_B
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_F
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_G
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_J
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_K
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_L
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_N
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_O
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_P
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_Q
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_R
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_S
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_Z
s__Stenotrophomonas pavanii
s__Stenotrophomonas pictorum
s__Stenotrophomonas rhizophila_A
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002192255
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002836635
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002893095
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086695
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086775
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086795
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003484865
s__Streptobacillus moniliformis
s__Streptococcus acidominimus
s__Streptococcus agalactiae
s__Streptococcus anginosus
s__Streptococcus anginosus_C
s__Streptococcus bovis
s__Streptococcus canis
s__Streptococcus constellatus
s__Streptococcus criceti
s__Streptococcus cristatus
s__Streptococcus cristatus_A
s__Streptococcus cristatus_B
s__Streptococcus cristatus_C
s__Streptococcus cristatus_D
s__Streptococcus cristatus_E
s__Streptococcus cristatus_F
s__Streptococcus dentisani
s__Streptococcus downei
s__Streptococcus dysgalactiae
s__Streptococcus equi
s__Streptococcus gordonii
s__Streptococcus gordonii_A
s__Streptococcus hyovaginalis
s__Streptococcus intermedius
s__Streptococcus mitis
s__Streptococcus mitis_A
s__Streptococcus mitis_AC
s__Streptococcus mitis_AD
s__Streptococcus mitis_AF
s__Streptococcus mitis_AG
s__Streptococcus mitis_AH
s__Streptococcus mitis_AI
s__Streptococcus mitis_AK
s__Streptococcus mitis_AP
s__Streptococcus mitis_AQ
s__Streptococcus mitis_AR
s__Streptococcus mitis_AT
s__Streptococcus mitis_AV
s__Streptococcus mitis_AW
s__Streptococcus mitis_AX
s__Streptococcus mitis_AY
s__Streptococcus mitis_AZ
s__Streptococcus mitis_BB
s__Streptococcus mitis_BC
s__Streptococcus mitis_BD
s__Streptococcus mitis_BE
s__Streptococcus mitis_BF
s__Streptococcus mitis_BG
s__Streptococcus mitis_BH
s__Streptococcus mitis_BI
s__Streptococcus mitis_BJ
s__Streptococcus mitis_BK
s__Streptococcus mitis_BL
s__Streptococcus mitis_C
s__Streptococcus mitis_D
s__Streptococcus mitis_E
s__Streptococcus mitis_F
s__Streptococcus mitis_H
s__Streptococcus mitis_I
s__Streptococcus mitis_J
s__Streptococcus mitis_K
s__Streptococcus mitis_L
s__Streptococcus mitis_M
s__Streptococcus mitis_N
s__Streptococcus mitis_O
s__Streptococcus mitis_P
s__Streptococcus mitis_Q
s__Streptococcus mitis_S
s__Streptococcus mitis_W
s__Streptococcus mitis_Y
s__Streptococcus mutans
s__Streptococcus oralis_AC
s__Streptococcus oralis_BA
s__Streptococcus oralis_BD
s__Streptococcus parasuis
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_A
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_B
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_C
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_D
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_E
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_O
s__Streptococcus pyogenes
s__Streptococcus pyogenes_A
s__Streptococcus ratti
s__Streptococcus ruminantium
s__Streptococcus salivarius
s__Streptococcus sanguinis
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_E
s__Streptococcus sanguis
s__Streptococcus sobrinus
s__Streptococcus sp000187445
s__Streptococcus sp000220065
s__Streptococcus sp001556435
s__Streptococcus suis
s__Streptococcus suis_F
s__Streptococcus suis_I
s__Streptococcus suis_L
s__Streptococcus suis_N
s__Streptococcus suis_O
s__Streptococcus suis_P
s__Streptococcus suis_R
s__Streptococcus suis_S
s__Streptococcus suis_T
s__Streptococcus suis_U
s__Streptococcus suis_V
s__Streptococcus suis_W
s__Streptococcus suis_X
s__Streptococcus uberis
s__Streptococcus uberis_A
s__Sulfitobacter donghicola
s__Sutterella parvirubra
s__Sutterella wadsworthensis
s__Sutterella wadsworthensis_A
s__Suttonella indologenes
s__Tatlockia feeleii
s__Tatlockia hackeliae
s__Tatlockia jordanis
s__Tatlockia lansingensis
s__Tatlockia maceachernii
s__Tatlockia micdadei
s__Tatumella ptyseos
s__Treponema carateum
s__Treponema pallidum
s__Tropheryma whippelii
s__Tsukamurella inchonensis
s__Tsukamurella paurometabola
s__Tsukamurella paurometabola_A
s__Tsukamurella pulmonis
s__Tsukamurella tyrosinosolvens
s__UBA6156 sp003241595
s__Ureaplasma urealyticum
s__Urinacoccus massiliensis
s__Veillonella atypica
s__Veillonella dispar
s__Veillonella dispar_A
s__Veillonella parvula
s__Veillonella parvula_A
s__Vibrio alginolyticus
s__Vibrio alginolyticus_A
s__Vibrio cholerae
s__Vibrio cincinnatiensis
s__Vibrio diabolicus
s__Vibrio fluvialis
s__Vibrio furnissii
s__Vibrio hollisae
s__Vibrio mimicus
s__Vibrio parahaemolyticus
s__Vibrio tasmaniensis
s__Vibrio vulnificus
s__Winkia neuii
s__Winkia sp002849225
s__Wolinella succinogenes
s__Yersinia aleksiciae
s__Yersinia bercovieri
s__Yersinia enterocolitica
s__Yersinia enterocolitica_E
s__Yersinia enterocolitica_F
s__Yersinia frederiksenii
s__Yersinia frederiksenii_A
s__Yersinia frederiksenii_C
s__Yersinia hibernica
s__Yersinia intermedia
s__Yersinia kristensenii
s__Yersinia kristensenii_B
s__Yersinia kristensenii_C
s__Yersinia massiliensis
s__Yersinia mollaretii
s__Yersinia pestis
s__Yersinia rohdei
s__Yersinia ruckeri
s__Yersinia similis
g__Lactobacillus
g__Megasphaera
s__Actinobacillus_B aerogenes
s__Agathobacter faecis
s__Agathobacter rectalis
s__Anaerotignum sp004557645
s__Bacteroides_F pectinophilus
s__CAG_115 sp004554555
s__CAG_115 sp004555635
s__CAG_115 sp004555855
s__Eubacterium_A nodatum
s__Eubacterium_A sp900321685
s__Eubacterium_B sulci
s__Eubacterium_M brachy
s__Eubacterium_N saphenum
s__Eubacterium_T saphenum_A
s__Haemophilus_B ducreyi
s__Mogibacterium sp002299625
s__Pantoea agglomerans
